HOME
   Hello! Welcome to FTC team 750’s webpage! We are a relatively old team (our number is three digits long compared to the five or six) that carries on the tradition of robotic competitions.  This year, we are participating in FIRST RES-Q. We consist of 11 members, and we are currently first in the Beaverton League qualifying rounds. 



Progress 
      OCTOBER
     We started by assembling the drive system and the chassis system, along with assembling the practice course and really getting to know each other as a team. 
      NOVEMBER
    Now that the League Events have started, we are working on other parts such as new treads for our robot, a climbing arm, and strategies to use on the playing field. Being at the league events gave us great ideas, so we are putting them into action.
  DECEMBER
   As League Events are ending and our best ten scores are being counted, we find out that our performance and points have put us into 1st place. Yes! What we have to do now is work out the kinks, like changing our treads because they have horrible traction when it comes to climbing up the mountain, and staying over the white line. 
JANUARY
 Coming into the New Year we are fixing minor problems like tightening loose screws, adjusting the treads, deciding on whether or not to take the risk of pushing debris and what not, and many others. The Inter League Championships are coming up, so we need to be in our prime condition to succeed. Good luck to all teams!

<About our team members>
Ethan Gazin (Team Captain, Sophomore)
"I joined FTC because it's fun doing robot stuff"
Quote: "We ain't OSHA complaint"

Jacob Nguyen (Sophomore)
"I joined FTC just for the experience. This is my first time. I don't have much skill working with robotics, but I thought it would be fun to join anyway."
Quote: "Fun"

Ryan Hardinge (Freshman)
"I joined FTC because I wanted to expand my knowledge. Also, I needed something to do."
Quote: "Where's the Alan Wrench?"

Hoang Nguyen (Junior)
"I joined FTC because I was bored."
Quote: "Failure is always an option."

Julian Lethbridge (Freshman)
"I joined FTC because I was interested in robotics and I wanted to do something different."
Quote: "Can you even lift? - Robot 2015"

Jesus Mendoza (Sophomore)
"I joined FTC because it's very cool."
Quote: "Keep it Yeti"

Darby Cox (Sophomore)
"I joined FTC because my sister pulled me into it."
Quote: "We need more zip ties."

Cameron Doughty (Freshman)
"I joined FTC because I like technology and my freinds were in it."
Quote: "Technology is awesome."

Tyler Walker (Freshman)
"I joined FTC because i've been looking forward to it since I was in Jr. FLL."
Quote: "I'll make sure I write that down."

Phil Doberenz (Mentor)
"This is my second year as a mentor. I signed up to help out the students, but I've found it to be both fun and interesting."
Quote: "Don't assume it, prove it."

Steve Cox (Mentor)
"I joined FTC because I would like to learn more about robotics while helping others build robots."
Quote: "No comment."